src/content/docs/index.md, before:

---
title: OpenReception
description: End-to-end encrypted appointment booking platform
template: splash
banner:
  content: |
    Do you have a medical practice?
    <a href="/research/problem-analysis" class="underline">Participate in our development</a>
hero:
  tagline: End-to-end encrypted appointment booking platform.
  image:
    alt: Logo - Calendar and lock in one
    file: ../../assets/open-reception-logo.svg
  actions:
    - text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/open-reception/appointment-booking-software
      icon: external
      variant: secondary
      attrs:
        rel: me
---

OpenReception is being developed by [Karl Ludwig Weise](https://ludwigweise.de) and [Hendrik Belitz](https://innovation-through-understanding.de/) as part of the [PrototypeFund](https://prototypefund.de/) year one.

We are developing an online appointment booking system for medical practices and healthcare facilities.

> Do you have a medical practice? [Participate in our development](/research/problem-analysis).

Commit message:

feat(problem-analysis): Added results

src/content/docs/index.md, after:

---
title: OpenReception
description: End-to-end encrypted appointment booking platform
template: splash
banner:
  content: |
    OpenReception is being developed right now. We are showing our prototype at the <a href="https://www.prototypefund.de/" target="_blank" class="underline">PrototypeFund DemoDay</a> on November 28th 2025.
hero:
  tagline: End-to-end encrypted appointment booking platform.
  image:
    alt: Logo - Calendar and lock in one
    file: ../../assets/open-reception-logo.svg
  actions:
    - text: Research
      link: /research/problem-analysis
      icon: document
      variant: primary
    - text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/open-reception/appointment-booking-software
      icon: external
      variant: secondary
      attrs:
        rel: me
---

OpenReception is being developed by [Karl Ludwig Weise](https://ludwigweise.de) and [Hendrik Belitz](https://innovation-through-understanding.de/) as part of the [PrototypeFund](https://prototypefund.de/) year one.

We are developing an online appointment booking platform for everyone based on the needs for medical practices and healthcare facilities.
